our first guess is the first voice I
hear when I wake up that isn't screaming
daddy make me pancakes you could hear
him every morning like I do on Sirius XM
and read his innermost thoughts in this
book Howard Stern comes again please
welcome the pride of Long Island Howard
Stern
[Applause]
[Music]
have you felt the enthusiasm in this
know this as you said la is all abuzz
it's great I live in New York yeah I'm a
hermit as you know when I come out here
like every 15 20 years
uh-huh the first they think is a giant
praying mantis in town but then there I
am and people get excited they do as you
are
for those of you who don't know Jimmy
is my dear friends mm-hmm we even go on
vacation occasionally together yes very
close relationship I'm almost family yes
yeah not quite family because if you're
family then you get a job here I take
you on I'm backstage and I'm walking
around the halls and you run into cousin
Bertha uncle credo and these people I
guess we're entitled to jog yeah I don't
know how you do it you don't have any
family members working at the show well
with your show it's like I said it's
like what people with the Native
Americans well Native Americans that can
prove you're a Native American
uh-huh you get to own one of those
casinos around here if you can prove
jimmies relative but I did before we
talk about anything beside my book yeah
serious accent I wanted to tell you how
much I love you I love you and I'm gonna
sing you with song
tonight should I didn't even rehearse
with the band this is totally fun oh
alright the only song I know the lyrics
to somewhat you know the carpenters was
to you
yes I do why do burn what's with you
guys
[Music]
it's a wedding song why do birds
suddenly appear just like me they long
to be close so they sprinkled fairy dust
among look how uncomfortable I know
[Applause]
we are very close I didn't know where
that I wouldn't know we were carpenters
close I you know I wrote this book how
wrote something beautiful about me in
the book thank you very idea it really
touched me honestly but thank you for
saying that but the the book is near and
dear to me and it's available for
Christmas mm-hmm
but regardless of that I wrote something
beautiful about Jimmy Jimmy is always
very supportive of my career and he
always sends me a note whenever I do a
show that he thinks is particularly good
but the book got me into trouble because
you know everyone said to me who is your
favorite interview of all time right and
so you know listen who knows who's my
favorite interview but I put some
thoughts right so Conan O'Brien we had a
particularly good interview mm-hmm well
this has lit a fire under everyone
actually you drop snide remark laughs
you go to your good friend Conan David
Spade without make sure he goes no I
guess I'm not good enough to be your
favorite yeah so it's it's sort of weird
but yeah I'm pleased with the book and I
got a chance to you should be pleased at
the book I am pleased because it is a I
think a written record of what a great
interviewer you are well you know I've
had so many great guests and so many
profound moments on the show since we
went to Sirius XM I've been able to do
some long-form interviews it's a
different kind of format than we had on
regular radio and it's really enabled me
to go out there and ask some some
questions that I'm curious about I I
couldn't imagine when I was a little boy
dreaming about being on the radio that
one day I'd get to sit with Paul
McCartney or Madonna or with you or with
this one or that one you know Letterman
and so getting that opportunity and to
sit there sometimes for an hour and an
hour and a half and it's like Chinese
water torture for these people no it's
deep I'm in the chair long enough and
they break down and they open up yeah it
is you know what it is I think is that
your questions are questions often times
not only have you never been asked but
there are things you haven't thought
about before and sometimes like when you
interview me I'll feel like like oh yeah
I never really considered that before
and people become people like talking
about themselves they become so
comfortable
they open up and I was speaking Adam
Levine about this well we were on your
show on Monday he said when he walks
the studio sometimes he goes oh no what
did I say and he starts going back
through everything he said well the
thing that happened for me was really I
was in psychotherapy and I talked about
it in the book and I'm a big proponent
of it and I started to think about how
much I liked being listened to when I'm
sitting in the chair with the
psychiatrist and I said you know I
really have to change my approach
because it might be really nice for
people to be really heard and I have a
format you know when you're interviewing
people sometimes it must be frustrating
because you get a 5-minute block right
to try to make something happen and it's
all compressed with radio what is so
beautiful about it is if we decide to
talk for an hour an hour and a half you
know I I mean I had to me more on today
and we were talking about the movie
Ghost which I'm obsessed with I wanted
to hear about that in her life and so we
could have this long-form conversation
and it just a lot is allowed to happen
in that kind one of my favorite things
that happens on the show and you know I
listen every morning is when the
interview ends and then you say goodbye
to the guest and then it winds up going
another 45 minutes
[Applause]
happens when you tell people it's over
they forget and then all of a sudden
they get even more reason you do that on
purpose absolutely everything I do on
that show is on prayer everything is on
verb no I don't I don't wing many things
but saying to someone hey this was a
great interview thank you for coming in
and one more thing and it is the
greatest interview technique because
then it's over now we're just having fun
the interview part is oh I feel like you
shouldn't have revealed this it's
alright no one is listening
all your mother like that is here
you gotta hear this again Jimmy and I
were just in Tennessee we went on
vacation together yes yes and Jimmy you
know John is very different off the air
like this not going to tell you what
he's on now because you like to relax on
talk show host and I see when you're
when you're off to you look Jimmy wake
up you're a lot of fun thank you but I
really enjoy this guy but I'm talking to
Jimmy and I said you know it's
embarrassing I have asked my wife to
remarry me right we've been we got
married 11 years ago let me thank for
that 11 years ago but we've been
together like 20-something years and I
said to Jimmy watch this we're having
dinner and I said watch this I'm gonna
say to my wife I want to remarry you I
want to propose and I'm gonna say marry
me again she always says now because she
thinks it's jinxed if you get married
again but it's so great I love the
proposals so we're at a table with about
10 people and Jimmy's out of it and nine
people five people you know ABC doesn't
like him to talk about it but read the
old Rolling Stones
good move this awesome job uncle Sidney
over there open up at work but
but it's so great when I propose to my
wife she gets embarrassed and she just
honey come up here I want to propose
you know you have given me the best
years of my life I love you so much you
do so much for animal rescue you know
how I feel about you I'm gonna say to
you now in front of all of my best
friends will you marry me again
beautiful holy adult as a little
all right
[Music]
because Howard Stern is here this is his
book Howard Stern comes again the Howard
Stern Show on you haven't you know you
haven't been here for more than 20 years
the last time I'm in LA I mean in LA
doing your show the last time I think
was 1986 right according to Gary this
week you've had let me just list you
mentioned that we'd had an Adam Levine
you had Jennifer Aniston Arnold
Schwarzenegger Robert Downey jr. this
week Snoop Dogg Seth Rogen to be more
Green Day yes the whole idea was that
all these people including you were
gracious enough to welcome me to LA yes
so what says la more than celebrities
and weed so your staff has gone crazy my
staff has gone crazy yeah so we had this
fabulous lineup on Monday Governor
Schwarzenegger came in and welcomed us
to LA you were there for that Adam sang
a song Robert Downey jr. was eloquent
Jennifer Aniston her first appearance on
the show yes and then Tuesday Snoop Dogg
and Seth Rogen came in who are pot
experts and got one of my guys hi yes I
was going to invite you to that show but
I know ABC oh it is legal now yes
things right everyone Tom you don't
smoke I've never done never smoke my
whole life so you know who was on the
show the last time you were here
changing the subject
who was on the show here on your show in
86 yeah I know I mean it was Dick Butkus
oh and lady who did the voice of the
squirrel in Rocky and Bullwinkle yes
that's a funny story
it brings me back to my memory June
Foray was this lovely woman and she had
this great gig like you said she was the
voice of rocket J squirrel on rocky and
bullwinkle and she was the voice also of
Natasha who was the bad guy on the
understand this cartoon what a great gig
just doing a dopey voice on a cartoon
and they pay you like a fortune yeah
this woman does not want to jeopardize
her gig but on the other hand she just
once in her life wanted people to know
that she was the voice behind rocky this
world so we wrote her a script and Dick
Butkus was sitting there the legendary
football player and we wrote her a
script we didn't show it to ahead of
time of course not now you'll play rocky
the squirrel and you're gonna seduce
Jessica Hahn who at the time was very
famous you know we know right and Dick
Butkus was also gonna try to have sex
with rocket J squirrel and Jessica Hahn
and it was gonna be a threesome it was a
disgusting degenerate stripper well we
get on the air we throw it in front of
her and she goes oh you know Jessica
Hahn I want it you know and she's
describing all these sexual positions
and everything else daily we were airing
this thing like crazy it's the greatest
thing that ever happened the real voice
of rocky the squirrel Dick Butkus
Jessica Hahn three-way whole thing calls
up about three days later calls my
producer crying you come you can't hear
that again they're gonna fire me it's
the word
thing that have promised me you'll never
air now you know me I was tough luck I
was a nice guy she was a nice woman oh I
took it right off the air I was I was a
good guy and now she recently died and
God were playing the hell that it is do
you feel now do you do you take any
satisfaction in knowing that the last
time you were here you were this
malcontents outsider borderline
pornographer filth merchant really first
of all I resent what you said borderline
pornography and now you are the toast of
the town
when I was on rec regular radio the idea
of dealing with sexual topics was so
taboo the religious right was after me
the federal government was fining me
millions of dollars for my broadcast
talking about sex titillated me so much
because I just loved poking my finger in
the eye of Authority so it wasn't so
much about sex it was more about are we
really being serious about this the
government this is what they're worried
about yeah whether or not Jessica Hahn
and Dick Butkus have a three-way with a
squirrel I think we're all we're all
adults here so this was fabulous when I
got to satellite radio they don't care
what I do
yeah there's no prison guard all the
inmates are running the show you can do
whatever you want and so sex is a
ridiculous thing to sit there and
concentrate on not that we don't
occasionally don't get me wrong I mean
you know we can get wrong it's yeah the
show is not as interestingly not as
focused on that as it was back then now
that it's not as much fun you don't have
religious groups coming after you
chasing you in the street so that's what
you would like the religious groups to
come after you and I believe you know
what it is I'm enjoying my time it's
satellite so much I knew I had to get
off regular radio it would have been the
end of my career
they were editing my show I was under
tremendous pressure not to get fined
again by the government and so when
satellite offered me this opportunity it
really was a godsend because I wasn't
interested in quitting my career and
satellite has opened up a world
where that's why I celebrate this book
because satellites been so great and the
interviews have been great and we've
we've actually managed to not only
expand the show in directions I never
thought we could go but it's actually
fun the Donald Trump stuff is just
amazing I mean a throughout the book
it'll say and now a word from our
president well Jimmy I never would have
imagined that when when when Trump
actually started to win I never would
have imagined that I'd see newscasters
quoting my show lion was the Bible it
was just so weird yeah you know and they
were just bringing up my name in the
debates and all this other stuff and it
was kind of surreal and then I said to
myself well maybe I'm sort of a
journalist you know if journalism comes
in strange places because I had all this
wealth of material with Donald Trump who
by the way was the best radio guest ever
because he would just say things that no
one on the planet would say and he's
still saying that yeah and show the book
well thank you for coming
yeah it's a thrill to have you here play
come on did you have did you have fun on
this trip to LA well be quiet I record
come up
Eric had lunch at 7-eleven today yeah
good yeah but ya know I had a great time
in LA everyone has been gracious thank
you for that that is Sirius XM and by
the book and the private both enjoy
hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape